Copyright (c) 2014, Imec and Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of Imec or Intel Corporation nor the names of its
 contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This Software contains or has been developed using software supplied
by LispWorks Ltd ("LispWorks Application Software"). All LispWorks
Application Software supplied under this Agreement is additionally
licensed in accordance with the following terms of the LispWorks
Software License Agreement:

(1) You may not copy the LispWorks Application Software except as
necessary to exercise your rights under this Agreement and to make one
(1) copy of the LispWorks Application Software in machine readable
form for back-up or archival purposes only. You may not translate,
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or create derivative
works based on the materials, except as expressly permitted by the law
of this Agreement. This license does not permit the distribution of
the LispWorks Application Software, or any part thereof, to any third
party.

(2) Ownership; Confidentiality. You acknowledge and agree that the
LispWorks Application Software contains the confidential and
proprietary information of LispWorks Ltd and its licensors and is
provided solely under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  All
right, title and interest in and to the LispWorks Application
Software, including, but not limited to, patent copyright, trade
secret, trademark and all other intellectual property rights are and
shall remain in LispWorks Ltd or its licensor. You shall not remove
any product identification, copyright notices, or other legends set
forth on the LispWorks Application Software and shall reproduce all
such notices on any copies.  You shall have no right in LispWorks
Ltd's or its third party licensors' trademarks in connection with the
LispWorks Application Software, or with its promotion or publication,
without LispWorks Ltd's prior written approval.

(3) No Warranty. LispWorks Ltd provides no warranty that (a) the
LispWorks Application Software will perform substantially in
accordance with the accompanying user documentation when used as
described therein; or (b) that the media containing the LispWorks
Application Software will not prove defective under normal use.
LispWorks Ltd does not warrant that the LispWorks Application Software
will be error free or that the LispWorks Application Software will
meet your requirements.  Your sole remedy for non performance of the
LispWorks Application Software will lie with the provider of the
software in which the LispWorks Application Software is included. TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LISPWORKS LTD DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

(4) Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT IN RESPECT OF PERSONAL INJURY OR
DEATH CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF LISPWORKS LTD, FRAUDULANT
MISREPRESENTATION OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED BY
LAW IN NO EVENT SHALL LISPWORKS LTD OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE ANY
LIABILITY TO YOU WHETHER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE.

(5) Export Control. You may not export or re-export the LispWorks
Application Software or any underlying information or technology
except in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of
all applicable countries.

(6) Termination. LispWorks Ltd reserves the right to terminate your
use of the LispWorks Application Software on written notice if you
fail to comply with any of the above terms and conditions.  Upon
termination, you shall cease using the LispWorks Application Software
and shall destroy all copies of the LispWorks Application Software.

In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the above
terms and to the extent that such conflict relates to the use of
LispWorks Application Software contained in any software supplied
under this Agreement, the clauses as set out above shall prevail.
